Adding terraform google bigquery dataset iam docs (#6)
mineiros-io/terraform-google-bigquery-dataset-iam: README.md

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mineiros-io/brand/3bffd30e8bdbbde32c143e2650b2faa55f1df3ea/mineiros-primary-logo.svg" width="400"/>][homepage]

[![Terraform Version][badge-terraform]][releases-terraform]
[![Google Provider Version][badge-tf-gcp]][releases-google-provider]
[![Join Slack][badge-slack]][slack]

> # terraform-terraform-google-bigquery-dataset-iam

Reviewer: please review before opening as ready.

```suggestion
# terraform-google-bigquery-dataset-iam
```

> A [Terraform] module for [Google Bigquery IAM][google-bigquery-iam] on [Google Cloud Platform (GCP)][gcp].

Reviewer: please pre review..

link `[Google Bigquery IAM][google-bigquery-iam]` does not resolve... ;(

**_This module supports Terraform version 1
and is compatible with the Terraform Google Provider version 3._**

This module is part of our Infrastructure as Code (IaC) framework
that enables our users and customers to easily deploy and manage reusable,
secure, and production-grade cloud infrastructure.

- [Module Features](#module-features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Module Argument Reference](#module-argument-reference)
  - [Top-level Arguments](#top-level-arguments)
    - [Module Configuration](#module-configuration)
    - [Main Resource Configuration](#main-resource-configuration)
    - [Extended Resource Configuration](#extended-resource-configuration)
- [Module Attributes Reference](#module-attributes-reference)
- [External Documentation](#external-documentation)
- [Module Versioning](#module-versioning)
  - [Backwards compatibility in `0.0.z` and `0.y.z` version](#backwards-compatibility-in-00z-and-0yz-version)
- [About Mineiros](#about-mineiros)
- [Reporting Issues](#reporting-issues)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Makefile Targets](#makefile-targets)
- [License](#license)

## Module Features

> A [Terraform] base module for creating a `terraform_google_bigquery_iam_*` resource. This module creates a google bigquery IAM with additional feature to either IAM binding or member and binds into a role depending on `authoritative` variable.

Reviewer: please review before opening the resource is not `terraform_google_bigquery_iam_`

```suggestion
A [Terraform] base module for creating a `google_bigquery_dataset_iam_*` resources.

It allows authoritative bindings (exclusive setting members), non-authoritative (adding additional members), or policy based IAM management of resource level access.
```

> <!--
> These are some of our custom features:
> 
> - **Default Security Settings**:
>   secure by default by setting security to `true`, additional security can be added by setting some feature to `enabled`
> 
> - **Standard Module Features**:
>   Cool Feature of the main resource, tags
> 
> - **Extended Module Features**:
>   Awesome Extended Feature of an additional related resource,
>   and another Cool Feature
> 
> - **Additional Features**:
>   a Cool Feature that is not actually a resource but a cool set up from us
> 
> - _Features not yet implemented_:
>   Standard Features missing,
>   Extended Features planned,
>   Additional Features planned
> -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Getting Started

Most basic usage just setting required arguments:

```hcl
module "terraform-google-bigquery-dataset-iam" {
  source = "github.com/mineiros-io/terraform-google-bigquery-dataset-iam.git?ref=v0.1.0"
}

> ```

Reviewer: required variable are missing in the example as the text states those need to be set.

Reviewer: > Most basic usage just setting required arguments:

As the section states: this should be a working minimal example how to call the module.

## Module Argument Reference

See [variables.tf] and [examples/] for details and use-cases.

### Top-level Arguments

#### Module Configuration

- **`module_enabled`**: _(Optional `bool`)_

  Specifies whether resources in the module will be created.
  Default is `true`.

- **`module_depends_on`**: _(Optional `list(dependencies)`)_

  A list of dependencies. Any object can be _assigned_ to this list to define a hidden external dependency.

  Example:

  ```hcl
  module_depends_on = [
    google_network.network
  ]
  ```

#### Main Resource Configuration

- **`dataset_id`**: **_(Required `string`)_**

>   A unique ID for this dataset, without the project name. The ID must contain only letters `(a-zA-Z)`, numbers `[0-9]`, or underscores `_`. The maximum length is `1,024` characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A unique ID for this dataset, without the project name.
```

> - **`role`**: **_(Required `list(role)`)_**

Reviewer: not a list... not an object but a `string` ;(

```suggestion
- **`role`**: **_(Required `string`)_**
```

>   The role that should be applied. Only one `google_secret_manager_secret_iam_binding` can be used per role. Note that custom roles must be of the format `[projects|organizations]/{parent-name}/roles/{role-name}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The role that should be applied. Note that custom roles must be of the format `[projects|organizations]/{parent-name}/roles/{role-name}`.
```

- **`project`**: _(Optional `string`)_

>   The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The ID of the project the resource belongs to.
```

>   Default is the provider project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Default is the project that is configured in the provider.
```

- **`members`**: _(Optional `set(string)`)_

>   Identities that will be added/set to/for the role. Each entry can have one of the following values: `allUsers`, `allAuthenticatedUsers`, `serviceAccount:{emailid}`, `group:{emailid}`, `domain:{domain}`.

Reviewer: as discussed please use terraform docs as reference. ...user was missing...

```suggestion
  Identities that will be granted the privilege in role. Each entry can have one of the following values:
  - `allUsers`: A special identifier that represents anyone who is on the internet; with or without a Google account.
  - `allAuthenticatedUsers`: A special identifier that represents anyone who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
  - `user:{emailid}`: An email address that represents a specific Google account. For example, alice@gmail.com or joe@example.com.
  - `serviceAccount:{emailid}`: An email address that represents a service account. For example, my-other-app@appspot.gserviceaccount.com.
  - `group:{emailid}`: An email address that represents a Google group. For example, admins@example.com.
    domain:{domain}: A G Suite domain (primary, instead of alias) name that represents all the users of that domain. For example, google.com or example.com.
```

  Default is `[]`.

- **`authoritative`**: _(Optional `bool`)_

>   Whether to exclusively set `(authoritative mode)` which adds iam bindings or add `(non-authoritative/additive mode)` members to the role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion  
  Whether to exclusively set (authoritative mode) or add (non-authoritative/additive mode) members to the role.
```

>   Default is `true`. Which sets IAM bindings to roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Default is `true`.
```

#### Extended Resource Configuration

## Module Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in the outputs of the module:

- **`module_enabled`**

  Whether this module is enabled.

- **`iam`**

  All attributes of the created `google_bigquery_dataset_iam_binding` or `google_bigquery_dataset_iam_member` resource according to the mode.

## External Documentation

- Google Documentation:

>   - Roles: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/access-control

Reviewer: why "roles"?

```suggestion
  - BigQuery Access Control: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/access-control
```
